good morning everyone. today i wanna introduce my favorite comedy group to you. it's a british surreal comedy group called 'monty python', sometimes as known as 'the pythons'. but who are 'the pythons'? and why am l so obsessed[əb'sest] with them?

(why 'the pythons')
1. first, monty python bring their unique surreal style as known as 'pythonesque' to post-modern comedy. they have a huge cultural impact on contemporary[kənˈtemprəri] television programs, especially for comedy shows such as 'the saturday night' 'the daily show' or animated sitcoms such as 'the simpsons' 'south park' and so on. all these show are inspired by 'monty python'. the group's influence on comedy has been compared to the beatles' influence on music. i'll show you a comedy sketch from 'monty python' later.
2. second, well, i'm a (wanna be) web developer and i use python, a high-level programming language to build websites. this presentation is also generated by a python program. the programming language, python, is named after the british comedy group, 'monty python'. in python community, people tend to use python to make monty-python-related jokes, for example, the python ide, integrated development environment, unlike most of other programming languages, is called idle simply because one of 'monty python's founding member is called Eric Idle. that's how we make fun of python with 'monty python' references[ˈrefrənsis].

(the parrot sketch)
i would like to introduce them more but i think it's better to let you watch their comedies for yourselves.

(play)

(euphemisms of death)
what I like about this sketch is not only that it’s funny, but that it reveals a real truth about western culture. the british don’t like to talk about death directly. in fact, our eastern culture also has similar cultural phenomenon. the customer’s little rant at the end is wonderful because of the number of euphemisms['ju:fəmɪzəmz] he employs to say 'is dead.'

(always look on the bright side of death)
using euphemisms to avoid speaking 'death' directly is quite common around the world. but the pythons are not like that. sometimes death even becomes the general topic that they make fun of in many comedy sketchs, so does everything else. in the film 'monty python's life of brian' directed by themselves, eric idle wrote a song that has some lines, 'always look on the bright side of death' 'life is a laugh and death is a joke', which matches their surreal and outrageous style perfectly and shows their attitudes toward death.

here it is.

(play)

this song is quite popular towards in UK and eric idle even performed it in the london Olympics closing ceremony[ˈserəməni]. in a recent study, this song, always look on the bright side of life, had overtaken Frank Sinatra's My Way as the top 1 choice of funeral music. the researcher suggested the findings represented 'a generational shift in attitudes toward funerals'.

(pythonesque funeral)

so this is graham chapman's memorial service, translated and subtitled by myself. grahmam champam was one of funding member and died just before the 20th anniversary of Monty python. in his memorial service, john cleese made his eulogy[ˈju:lədʒi] to graham chapman, had the entire church laughing loudly. this is probably the most famous funeral eulogy and has huge influence in western countries, what's why this song tops the funeral song list. they changed the British attitudes toward death in many ways.

(play)

that's all. 

396的套餐
剪卡
发票 北京语言大学通讯费 荀恩东
ip4s 联通3g卡
身份证找女厕所旁边 学院办 魏老师
